# XMRig Setup Script

This script automates the installation of Xmrig on Ubuntu and other Debian-based distributions. It helps you set up the necessary dependencies, clone the Xmrig repository, and build the software easily.

## What is XMRig?

XMRig is an open-source, high-performance Monero (XMR) CPU miner. It allows individuals to contribute their computing power to the Monero network by mining XMR cryptocurrency using their CPUs. XMRig is known for its efficiency, scalability, and support for various CPU architectures.

For more information about XMRig, visit the [official repository](https://github.com/xmrig/xmrig).

## Prerequisites

- Ubuntu or other Debian-based distribution

## Usage

1. Download the setup script to your local machine.

   ```bash
   wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/joehighton/xmrig-setup/main/xmrig_setup.sh
   ```

2. Make the script executable.

   ```bash
   chmod +x xmrig_setup.sh
   ```

3. Run the setup script.

   ```bash
   ./xmrig_setup.sh
   ```

   The script will perform the following steps:
   - Update and upgrade the system
   - Install necessary dependencies
   - Clone the Xmrig repository
   - Build Xmrig using CMake and Make
   - Configure XMRig with the selected pool and wallet address

4. Once the script completes, you can find the built XMRig executable in the `xmrig/build` directory.

## Configuration

During the setup process, the script will prompt you to select a pool to mine Monero and enter your XMR wallet address. You can choose from a list of predefined pools or enter a custom pool URL. After configuring XMRig, you can run it using the `run_xmrig.sh` script generated by the setup.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request on GitHub.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

**Disclaimer: Use this script at your own risk. Make sure to review the code before executing it on your system.**
